FIN008ALL
State- and Locally-Administered Defined Benefit Pension Systems - All Data by State and Level of Government: 2012

State- and Locally-Administered Defined Benefit Pension Systems - All Data by State and Level of Government
Fiscal Year 2012 (1)

(Data shown in thousands of dollars.) (2)



(1)There are exceptions to the fiscal year rule for the state pension systems
in Alabama, Michigan, and Texas. For systems in these states, the fiscal year moves 
beyond the June 30 cutoff. The data for the survey year 2012 covers the fiscal year
ending August 31, 2012 for Texas and September 30, 2012 for Alabama and Michigan.
These exceptions are made to better align the data with the Survey of State Government
Finances.


(2)The following categories are in whole numbers: Number of systems, Total membership, Active
membership, Inactive membership, and Total beneficiaries receiving periodic benefit payments.

(3)The total of "net earnings" is a calculated statistic and thus can be positive or
negative. Net earnings is the sum of earnings on investments plus gains on investments 
minus losses on investments. The change made in 2002 for asset valuation from book to 
market value in accordance with Statement 34 of the Governmental Accounting Standards 
Board is reflected in the calculated statistics.


Effective with the 2012 survey cycle, the Annual Survey of Public Pensions: State- and
Locally-Administered Defined Benefit Data revised the survey form to implement changes in
asset classification. These changes apply to the categories designated as corporate stocks,
corporate bonds, federal government securities, state and local securities, and other 
securities. Federally-sponsored agency securities are classified under federal government
securities instead of corporate bonds. Private equity, venture capital, and leverage buyouts
are classified under corporate stocks instead of other securities. Due to these changes in
asset classification, there are shifts in the distribution of assets from corporate bonds to
federal government securities and from other securities to corporate stocks. However, since
investment decisions guide the distribution of assets, we cannot calculate the exact impact
that the changes in classification had on the asset distribution for 2012. As such, for the 
above mentioned asset categories, any data comparisons between 2012 and prior to 2012 
should be exercised with caution.


Abbreviations and symbols:
X - Not Applicable
NA - Not Available


Data are released on a flow basis and replaced when revised data are available. See the 
Federal, State, and Local Governments release schedule.

Source: U.S. Census Bureau, 2012 Census of Governments: Finance - Survey of Public Pensions:
State- and Locally-Administered Defined Benefit Data.

Notes:

Pension obligations and Covered payroll for defined benefit pension systems are only collected
at the state level.



