FIN008ALL
State- and Locally-Administered Defined Benefit Pension Systems - All Data by State and Level of Government: 2013

Fiscal Year 2013 (1)

Data shown in thousands of dollars  (2)



(1)There are exceptions to the fiscal year rule for the state pension systems
in Alabama, Michigan, and Texas. For systems in these states, the fiscal year moves 
beyond the June 30 cutoff. The data for the survey year 2013 covers the fiscal year
ending August 31, 2013 for Texas and September 30, 2013 for Alabama and Michigan.
These exceptions are made to better align the data with the Survey of State Government
Finances.

(2)The following categories are in whole numbers: Number of systems, Total membership, Active
membership, Inactive membership, and Total beneficiaries receiving periodic benefit payments.

(3)The total of "net earnings" is a calculated statistic and thus can be positive or
negative. Net earnings is the sum of earnings on investments plus gains on investments 
minus losses on investments. The change made in 2002 for asset valuation from book to 
market value in accordance with Statement 34 of the Governmental Accounting Standards 
Board is reflected in the calculated statistics.

Effective with the 2012 survey cycle, the Annual Survey of Public Pensions: State-Administered
 Defined Benefit Data revised the survey form to implement changes in asset classification. These 
 changes apply to the categories designated as corporate stocks, corporate bonds, federal 
 government securities, state and local government securities, and other
 securities. Federally-sponsored agency securities are
 classified under federal government securities instead of
 corporate bonds.  Private equity, venture capital, and leverage
buyouts are classified under corporate stocks instead 
of other securities. Due to these changes in asset classification,
 there are shifts in the distribution  of assets from corporate
 bonds to federal government securities and from other securities to 
 corporate stocks. However, since investment decisions guide
 the distribution of assets, we  cannot calculate the exact impact
 that the changes in classification had on the asset distribution 
 for 2012. As such, for the above mentioned asset categories, any
 data comparisons between  data from 2012 to the present, and data
 prior to 2012 should be exercised with caution.

Initial data release: February 2015

Data are released on a flow basis and replaced when revised data are available. See the 
Federal, State, and Local Governments release schedule.

Source: U.S. Census Bureau, 2013 Annual Survey of Public
Pensions: State-Administered Defined Benefit Data. 


Notes:



Pension obligations and Covered payroll for defined benefit pension systems are only collected 
at the state level.


Data users who create their own estimates using these data should cite the 
U.S. Census Bureau as the source of the original data only. The data in this table are
based on information from public records and contain no confidential data. Although the
data in this table come from a census of pension systems and are not subject to
sampling error, the census results do contain nonsampling error. Additional information
on nonsampling error, response rates, and definitions may be found within the survey methodology.


